I am NOT going to see a therapist
oh yes you are may I we love having you
here at the school your brilliance do
however you need to go to therapy and if
you don't you'll be expelled from school
expel me because I am NOT going to
therapy
what happened at school Nicole I told
Denard to stay out of my business or
he'd regret it and happy birth you know
how lucky you are Dennard sparrin surrey
that if you came to therapy they
wouldn't press criminal charges against
you I've known dinara long enough for
him to know that when I said he'd regret
it I meant it find the call will call it
his fault let's talk about you what do
you want to know who do you live with my
parents do you have siblings no do wish
you did
it might take some of the pressure off
it's just like everybody expects me to
be perfect what do you think that is I'm
all my parents have and what do they
dream for you Nicole they want me to be
an attorney rocket scientist the
President of the United States how does
that make you feel
hey
do you like ice cream
I've stop wasting time acting like I can
get them to care about what I want you
know yeah I had those type of parents
can't say I handled it any better but
rebelling against your parents by taking
it out on other people will eventually
just ruin every relationship you have
including the one with your parents I
think we should invite them to join us
on your next visit your four o'clock is
ready Oh send them in I'm sorry my last
appointment ran a little long
trace dr jones Nicole would you mind
please just giving me a moment alone
please with your parents please mr. and
mrs. white today see I can't believe
nicole has been acting out in school
because she feels that she's being
pressured why o.o we you see no
correlation between the fact that she's
not allowed to pursue her goals and her
behavior in school JC where have you
been I ran away from the pressure I ran
away from home you would think if you
got a second chance you do things
differently and what's ironic is you
know I I ended up exactly where you
wanted me to be but you should have
given me an opportunity to get here on
my own terms you chose to walk out you
chose that so I will not sit here and
allow you to continue with these snide
sit down for once you're gonna listen to
me the love and a family
no said the tie is the bind so you you
let Nicole live her life but she's gonna
walk out of yours forever
you